memo to prepare that "git push origin master" in git.debian.org/tokyodebian/.
=============================================================================


create a new account of  `alioth.debian.org <https://alioth.debian.org/>`_ 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


First, create my account, then request to join " `Tokyo Area Debian Study Meeting <https://alioth.debian.org/projects/tokyodebian/>`_ " project.



Second, modify shell account information. register my ssh public key in "SSH Shared Authorized Keys".




modifiy .git/config of local master branch.
-------------------------------------------


I had done that "git clone git://git.debian.org/tokyodebian/monthly-report.git". But, git protocol is read only. Then I edited local repository of config file as monthly-report/.git/config.


.. code-block:: sh


   $ diff -u config.org config
   --- config.org	2009-03-01 13:37:24.000000000 +0900
   +++ config	2009-03-01 13:37:01.000000000 +0900
   @@ -4,7 +4,7 @@
    	bare = false
    	logallrefupdates = true
    [remote "origin"]
   -	url = git://git.debian.org/git/tokyodebian/monthly-report.git
   +	url = ssh://myaccountname@git.debian.org/git/tokyodebian/monthly-report.git
    	fetch = +refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/origin/*
    [branch "master"]
    	remote = origin



Do that git push
----------------


before above setting.


.. code-block:: sh


   $ git push --dry-run origin master
   fatal: The remote end hung up unexpectedly




after


.. code-block:: sh


   $ git push --dry-run
   Enter passphrase for key '/home/myaccountname/.ssh/id_rsa': 
   To ssh://myaccountname@git.debian.org/git/tokyodebian/monthly-report.git
      aeb916b..56e4259  master -> master
   $ git push
   Enter passphrase for key '/home/myaccountname/.ssh/id_rsa': 
   Counting objects: 5, done.
   Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
   Writing objects: 100% (3/3), 11.79 KiB, done.
   Total 3 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
   To ssh://myaccountname@git.debian.org/git/tokyodebian/monthly-report.git
      aeb916b..56e4259  master -> master





reference
---------


*  `debianmeetingresume200712.pdf <http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&ct=res&cd=2&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftokyodebian.alioth.debian.org%2Fpdf%2Fdebianmeetingresume200712.pdf&ei=KQmqSeefJ4zXkAXlpsntDQ&usg=AFQjCNGmsRWBuoEPhXAafvfwkc2QgUVfXQ&sig2=aHftPBj-0XniT3QeUhxouA>`_ 

* http://www8.atwiki.jp/git_jp/pub/Documentation.ja/tutorial.html

* http://wiki.debian.org/Alioth/Git

* http://d.hatena.ne.jp/zariganitosh/20080910/1221050855

* http://d.hatena.ne.jp/zariganitosh/20080908/1220881938






.. author:: default
.. categories:: Debian, vcs, 
.. tags::
.. comments::
