grubがまた余計なメッセージを。
##################################



.. code-block:: none

   $ sudo grub-install --no-floppy /dev/sda3
   grub-setup: warn: Attempting to install GRUB to a partition instead of the MBR.  This is a BAD idea.
   grub-setup: warn: Embedding is not possible.  GRUB can only be installed in this setup by using blocklists.  However, blocklists are UNRELIABLE and its use is discouraged.
   grub-setup: error: If you really want blocklists, use --force.


ぬ、MacBookでrEFIt使っているからいいんです。

.. code-block:: none

   $ sudo grub-install --no-floppy /dev/sda3 --force
   grub-setup: warn: Attempting to install GRUB to a partition instead of the MBR.  This is a BAD idea.
   grub-setup: warn: Embedding is not possible.  GRUB can only be installed in this setup by using blocklists.  However, blocklists are UNRELIABLE and its use is discouraged.
   Installation finished. No error reported.
   This is the contents of the device map /boot/grub/device.map.
   Check if this is correct or not. If any of the lines is incorrect,
   fix it and re-run the script `grub-install&#39;.
   
   (hd0)	/dev/sda
   $ sudo update-grub2 
   Generating grub.cfg ...
   Found Debian background: moreblue-orbit-grub.png
   Found linux image: /boot/vmlinuz-2.6.31.3
   Found initrd image: /boot/initrd.img-2.6.31.3
   Found linux image: /boot/vmlinuz-2.6.31
   Found initrd image: /boot/initrd.img-2.6.31
   Found linux image: /boot/vmlinuz-2.6.30.2
   Found initrd image: /boot/initrd.img-2.6.30.2
   Found linux image: /boot/vmlinuz-2.6.26-2-amd64
   Found initrd image: /boot/initrd.img-2.6.26-2-amd64
   done


困るなぁ。



.. author:: mkouhei
.. categories:: MacBook, Unix/Linux, Debian, 
.. tags::
.. comments::


