introduce etckeeper. #1
=======================

I have used RCS to administrate the /etc directory, and others. Then, I learnt "etckeeper". Backend of this is used git. I tried to replace RCS to etckeeper.




Debian Package
--------------



.. code-block:: sh


   $ sudo apt-get install etckeeper   
   Reading package lists... Done
   Building dependency tree       
   Reading state information... Done
   The following extra packages will be installed:
     git-core less libcurl3-gnutls libdigest-sha1-perl liberror-perl libidn11
     patch rsync
   Suggested packages:
     git-doc git-arch git-cvs git-svn git-email git-daemon-run git-gui gitk
     gitweb diff-doc
   The following NEW packages will be installed:
     etckeeper git-core less libcurl3-gnutls libdigest-sha1-perl liberror-perl
     libidn11 patch rsync
   0 upgraded, 9 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
   Need to get 4502kB of archives.
   After this operation, 10.3MB of additional disk space will be used.
   Do you want to continue [Y/n]? 
   Get:1 http://cdn.debian.or.jp lenny/main less 418-1 [127kB]
   Get:2 http://cdn.debian.or.jp lenny/main libidn11 1.8+20080606-1 [149kB]
   Get:3 http://cdn.debian.or.jp lenny/main patch 2.5.9-5 [106kB]
   Get:4 http://cdn.debian.or.jp lenny/main libcurl3-gnutls 7.18.2-8 [222kB]
   Get:5 http://cdn.debian.or.jp lenny/main liberror-perl 0.17-1 [23.6kB]
   Get:6 http://cdn.debian.or.jp lenny/main libdigest-sha1-perl 2.11-2+b1 [27.7kB]
   Get:7 http://cdn.debian.or.jp lenny/main git-core 1:1.5.6.5-3 [3474kB]
   Get:8 http://cdn.debian.or.jp lenny/main etckeeper 0.21 [20.9kB]             
   Get:9 http://cdn.debian.or.jp lenny/main rsync 3.0.3-2 [352kB]               
   Fetched 4502kB in 7s (620kB/s)                                               
   Preconfiguring packages ...
   Selecting previously deselected package less.
   (Reading database ... 17763 files and directories currently installed.)
   Unpacking less (from .../less_418-1_powerpc.deb) ...
   Selecting previously deselected package libidn11.
   Unpacking libidn11 (from .../libidn11_1.8+20080606-1_powerpc.deb) ...
   Selecting previously deselected package patch.
   Unpacking patch (from .../patch_2.5.9-5_powerpc.deb) ...
   Selecting previously deselected package libcurl3-gnutls.
   Unpacking libcurl3-gnutls (from .../libcurl3-gnutls_7.18.2-8_powerpc.deb) ...
   Selecting previously deselected package liberror-perl.
   Unpacking liberror-perl (from .../liberror-perl_0.17-1_all.deb) ...
   Selecting previously deselected package libdigest-sha1-perl.
   Unpacking libdigest-sha1-perl (from .../libdigest-sha1-perl_2.11-2+b1_powerpc.deb) ...
   Selecting previously deselected package git-core.
   Unpacking git-core (from .../git-core_1%3a1.5.6.5-3_powerpc.deb) ...
   Selecting previously deselected package etckeeper.
   Unpacking etckeeper (from .../etckeeper_0.21_all.deb) ...
   Selecting previously deselected package rsync.
   Unpacking rsync (from .../rsync_3.0.3-2_powerpc.deb) ...
   Processing triggers for man-db ...
   Setting up less (418-1) ...
   Setting up libidn11 (1.8+20080606-1) ...
   Setting up patch (2.5.9-5) ...
   Setting up libcurl3-gnutls (7.18.2-8) ...
   Setting up liberror-perl (0.17-1) ...
   Setting up libdigest-sha1-perl (2.11-2+b1) ...
   Setting up git-core (1:1.5.6.5-3) ...
   Setting up etckeeper (0.21) ...
   Setting up rsync (3.0.3-2) ...







.. author:: default
.. categories:: Debian,Git,Ops
.. comments::
